once we look at the screens
we are now looking at casino grande
that's one of our stallions we us
Begin the same time as foals
but our foal show from a
Never contacts a wonderful mother
Unfortunately, the study has also been received
an absolute exceptional stallion
contender farmers at home
that was on our last year
two-year closest from the
Laufstall would like to see him
development show then but come
us again on the pasture and only then
end of july had been brought in as
still completely unfinished but I already was
so convinced of him that we have him
then have presented for the curse
that was the plaster patterning
It was half a year later for me
my personal dream destination this
stallion I think he is absolutely great
Everybody can make his own judgment
allow about it but I think that
great and the free jumping I think
that doing the preselection
I find that absolutely sensational
not quite as successful here at the
Congestion with the pressure but this
basic quality of this werder so
Imagine a modern jumping horse
in front
that is how they should look like that is mine
personal goal
Here we offer the heart to come
and shows
yes, in a sense, twice yours
personal goal that you come yes
junior of the house my ladies and gentlemen
hendrik sosath shows us here under the
saddle this youngsters three year old and
so of course here only in the reason
presentation from the breeding of the
hauses so fed casino berlin contacts
landadel that sounds like music
this highly decorated and that please
I triple underline here in
fantasy knows their documents
they all still remind us with one
spring and rideability touch back then
Decorate these large models with 10.0
she has the country especially the
station so full of everything
stedinger the paths of the house so
says far in high australia now
Doninger von Thunderschwee my ladies
and mens right sister she is to
dressage stallion lama and therefore well
Here, too, this appealing reason
gangway of casino burned
yes, of course I wished that
hendrik prepares this stallion because that
all own breeding is the second one
generation and that's just it
I like modern sports
Show jumping horse high in the blood
stand
The big one comes from one
excellent start
the mother sprang pointed her grandmother
steady mother said that had ten
jump
this has a towering gallopade i
was in america 14 days ago
the left and has me there once
For a long time everything was viewed
invited
and that was the sort of modern blood
horses that have a lot of intelligence and so on
who went there in sport and that was it
really very interesting and stuff
should look like a horse there you can
also imagine that he once
A dressage horse can do the same
again show the step
and some luck with him too
we are born because I have in mine
already made a lot of mistakes
and have too much with the boys
made horses and we have that now
learned so should now after the
Stallion presentation first time again
break the young is not yet three
years old has great basic gear and
like that and really knits lace and me
I would like to let grow up then
makes in the autumn time on its 30 days
test and then he should be his way
go on and who here with us on the
The study has continued seduction
Hollywood has also seen one before
beautiful koletzki mare too
reserve mare was in rastede
and there we took it from him
let's cover and that's already
We are waiting for the first one
so foal is inherited sperm
Anyway, good
of course you can see and drive has
a lot of power
yes shorten his gallop on but
moment he has such a huge gallop that
is also difficult when jumping and
just jumping free with this
translation and this huge
gallop the horse again and again
retrieve
but I think that's really great if
I think they liked that
hendrik we already have that
reasonably done
So I can do it
guarantee and now it goes on
this incredible translation he
brings
we are amazed as we see you round
round it feels better here
big round but a great temperament
test henrik very age-appropriate and great
presented and therefore keep us
the applause a little bit back there
are nice to commute and move away
if you are in the corridor for a long time
then there is a huge applause anoint
modeled by us for this dream
type the breeding goal of our dear gerd
casino grande thank you henrik